start program for importing files
new directory changed to : C:\TUDelft_Q3\GEO5017\Assignment1\pointclouds
Evaluating point cloud features
Normalizing point cloud features
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 111
incorrect 389
percentage 0.222
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 192
incorrect 308
percentage 0.384
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 232
incorrect 268
percentage 0.464



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 106
incorrect 394
percentage 0.212
average link clustering accuracy
correct 116
incorrect 384
percentage 0.232
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 183
incorrect 317
percentage 0.366
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 219
incorrect 281
percentage 0.438



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 121
incorrect 379
percentage 0.242
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 185
incorrect 315
percentage 0.37
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 218
incorrect 282
percentage 0.436



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 153
incorrect 347
percentage 0.306
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 185
incorrect 315
percentage 0.37
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 254
incorrect 246
percentage 0.508



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 106
incorrect 394
percentage 0.212
average link clustering accuracy
correct 196
incorrect 304
percentage 0.392
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 199
incorrect 301
percentage 0.398
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 230
incorrect 270
percentage 0.46



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 191
incorrect 309
percentage 0.382
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 214
incorrect 286
percentage 0.428
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 227
incorrect 273
percentage 0.454



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 106
incorrect 394
percentage 0.212
average link clustering accuracy
correct 253
incorrect 247
percentage 0.506
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 233
incorrect 267
percentage 0.466
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 282
incorrect 218
percentage 0.564



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 105
incorrect 395
percentage 0.21
average link clustering accuracy
correct 128
incorrect 372
percentage 0.256
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 193
incorrect 307
percentage 0.386
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 230
incorrect 270
percentage 0.46



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 108
incorrect 392
percentage 0.216
average link clustering accuracy
correct 166
incorrect 334
percentage 0.332
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 200
incorrect 300
percentage 0.4
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 282
incorrect 218
percentage 0.564



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 107
incorrect 393
percentage 0.214
average link clustering accuracy
correct 165
incorrect 335
percentage 0.33
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 235
incorrect 265
percentage 0.47
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 277
incorrect 223
percentage 0.554



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 106
incorrect 394
percentage 0.212
average link clustering accuracy
correct 113
incorrect 387
percentage 0.226
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 171
incorrect 329
percentage 0.342
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 219
incorrect 281
percentage 0.438



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 120
incorrect 380
percentage 0.24
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 195
incorrect 305
percentage 0.39
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 194
incorrect 306
percentage 0.388



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 159
incorrect 341
percentage 0.318
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 267
incorrect 233
percentage 0.534
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 280
incorrect 220
percentage 0.56



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 105
incorrect 395
percentage 0.21
average link clustering accuracy
correct 115
incorrect 385
percentage 0.23
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 128
incorrect 372
percentage 0.256
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 153
incorrect 347
percentage 0.306



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 105
incorrect 395
percentage 0.21
average link clustering accuracy
correct 173
incorrect 327
percentage 0.346
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 166
incorrect 334
percentage 0.332
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 207
incorrect 293
percentage 0.414



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 168
incorrect 332
percentage 0.336
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 187
incorrect 313
percentage 0.374
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 221
incorrect 279
percentage 0.442



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 104
incorrect 396
percentage 0.208
average link clustering accuracy
correct 127
incorrect 373
percentage 0.254
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 169
incorrect 331
percentage 0.338
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 201
incorrect 299
percentage 0.402



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 108
incorrect 392
percentage 0.216
average link clustering accuracy
correct 141
incorrect 359
percentage 0.282
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 243
incorrect 257
percentage 0.486
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 284
incorrect 216
percentage 0.568



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 106
incorrect 394
percentage 0.212
average link clustering accuracy
correct 160
incorrect 340
percentage 0.32
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 231
incorrect 269
percentage 0.462
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 274
incorrect 226
percentage 0.548



===========================
single link clustering done
average link clustering done
complete link clustering done
single link clustering accuracy
correct 114
incorrect 386
percentage 0.228
average link clustering accuracy
correct 174
incorrect 326
percentage 0.348
complete link clustering accuracy
correct 184
incorrect 316
percentage 0.368
DBSCAN accuracy
correct 100
incorrect 400
percentage 0.2
k-means accuracy
correct 226
incorrect 274
percentage 0.452



===========================
